{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 All of my blessings and curses dance together to formulate my moments and dizzying nighttimes. When I draw, I etch misguided shapes. These shapes are characters and so they\'92re misguided characters. \
I think that when I draw, I am putting into an image what I would see if the emotions and frustrations being released in this process were instead released in the relaxation preceding sleep and dreams. \
It\'92s just a theory but maybe it makes an inkling of sense: when you relax into sleep you in some way release your frustrations by letting go of your control over yourself. \
For anyone who enjoys being pleasured, that can be utterly cathartic and I doubt it\'92s questioned much. \
\
What comes to my mind now that I\'92ve completed a sketch is the trouble I\'92m having with a person who has been like a close friend to me for some five or odd years. \
We grew up in the same town and went to school together. After school ended, as I was gearing up to go to college, he reached out and convinced me to try to get high. \
Who I am today is completely dependent on that yesterday when I injected my throat with my first register of highfalutin dissociation from the anxieties of my default settings. \
I nearly lost a friend from this because he wanted to be the first person that I smoked with and my girlfriend was horrified. So much so that her girlfriend called me on the phone and screeched insults into the earpiece while I shifted my feet between the leaves in the woods that the first bowl was torched. \
When I saw my now ex-girlfriend\'92s girlfriend years later I saw that she had a pretty accurate assessment of the weight the drug had; her voice had departed her cords and she moped around her bedroom like a pale zombie, touting faux-urban parlance. Her face was also incapable of self-expression and clothes were strewn about the place. The place smelled like a specifically female rot. It reminded me of my ex-girlfriend\'92s residential state, which had just stomached her father\'92s incarceration and the death of a puppy which I named. I didn\'92t venture to stay for the evening; the tour of the house was plenty for me at that point. I mean that for both of them. That\'92s why I left her and didn\'92t try to kiss this girl who was previously (in my memory) a really captivating person.\
\
Well, now I\'92m caught awake again. It\'92s nearing four and I\'92m not nearly halfway to tired because I simply need to work at bizarre hours to be productive. This could be owing to the fact that I live with my parents still, but I really think it\'92s because the sunlight and the picturesque landscape in this early summertime is much too appealing for me to churn out commands for a server or website. I also can\'92t think half-clearly about my emotions or my demons. \
I wonder if I ever needed to try getting high to be who I am today, replete as I am with a ton of deeply fascinating topics. I also wonder if I would have ever been put in a hospital and if I would have ever needed to work at bizarre hours to keep up this new career in freelance content creation. \
\
}